So net an interesting thing from all
these things, whether it's slides,
whether it's QA on the the STR, which
now can do 5,000 interactions instead of
50, but if you add it all up, it's more
work for your overall GTM team. It's
more work. It's more work. So I think
what a lot of folks, especially CMOs
that I talk to or sometimes CRO that
don't really want to get in the weeds,
they're looking for solutions that are
less work. They want AI to be less work
for them, right? Why can't I just turn
this? But it's more work. It's more work
managing these AIs, right? You get
higher output, you get higher quality,
but you but there's no less work
trade-off here. That does not seem to
exist in high quality GTM AI today. More
work for for better output,
right? You might need less humans, so
you could have less human,
>> but the ones that you do have are going
to be working harder.
[Music]
Hey everybody, the bests are taken or
overpriced. I was literally looking for
a domain name the other day. It was
$10,000 just to make an offer. So, you
settle on a workaround domain for your
website. Don't compromise. Get a
cleansharp.te domain that instantly says
is a tech startup. Grab yours at
get.te/saster.
That's get.te/saster
or on domain registers like GoDaddy.
Stop compromising. Get the domain you
need.te. Hey everybody, Sasser annual
will be back May 2026. The world's
largest SAS and AI gathering for
executives. Just this last May, we
hosted 10,000 attendees with 68 VP level
and above attendees. 36% CEOs and
founders and 25% were AI first
professionals. It's the very best of
estier attendees and decision makers
that come to SAT annual and AI summit
each and every year. But here's the
reality folks. The longer you wait, the
higher ticket prices get. They're cheap
now. They're cheap. So, just get them
early. Lock in your spot today. Use my
code Jason 100 for exclusive savings.
Get your tickets at podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annualsummit
2026. It will rock.
Welcome back to SAT AI Live. We thought
we would do something fun today. Um,
since we've been using AR ourselves a
lot at Dster. I know you guys have seen
Jason's tweets. You've seen some of the
content we've been putting out. Seems
like you guys have an insatiable
appetite for some of this stuff. So, we
thought we'd share a little bit about
what's working now. I've been using it a
lot, specifically for sale, outbound
calls, a little bit marketing. Um, but
we thought we'd share with you some of
our results, what we're seeing, some of
the pitfalls and and just to preface
like we even though it's we do use a lot
of AI. I would still consider us early
on our journey. Um, you know, we've used
different AIs now probably for a year or
so if not more um in different ways. But
I would say specifically in sales, we're
still in marketing, we're still early
on, but seeing some good initial results
that we shot we would share with you
guys. So, with that, we'll go and get
started. Let's start with outbound
because I feel like this is where uh we
have I just got the bad outbound email
this morning. That was
that was I hope from an AI. Maybe it was
actually a person. I assumed it was from
an AI because it was so bad. So, let's
talk about outbound. What's actually
working? What's actually closing deals
using AI for real? So in the last two
weeks and that was at the time the only
time we had been on this platform that
we're now using
in just two weeks little after
became the highest response rate on the
platform that we use for our AISDR. We
opened pipelines we booked meetings we
touched labs accounts. It both seems
fast and slow, but it's better than
historical human averages we had with
any human SDR we've had. Maybe even some
of our human AES that we've had in the
mix ads. Um, these are screenshots here
if you can see how many leads it's
touched, right? Like there's no way I
could send 4,495
messages by those in two weeks. And to
do it at a hyper personalized, hyper
scale that actually is adding value. So
you'll hear me talk about it a lot, but
I think the overall consensus you'll see
in IT takeaway is your AI has to be good
enough to also add value if you want to
see these kinds of results. Like if
you're doing you know AI that's just hey
name you on our website you're probably
not going to get these types of results
we're getting at Aster even though it's
early on and even though it's already
doing better than any historical human
averages. There's a lot that goes into
that which I'll talk about next. But
just to preface there, it does take one
a lot of tuning. Um, and it does take a
lot of data and a lot of conscious
effort to get these AIs to work this
well and have this good of a overall
response rate, positive response rate,
and also to make the emails seem like we
actually wrote them. There are
screenshots in this deck of people
asking me it two things. Like one, is
this a real person? I'm like, yeah,
here's my LinkedIn. I'm real. I'm a
pastor. I'm on this webinar. I'm non AI
ad. But also half the time they don't
care. I think it's just a big learning
too. Like if your AI adds value to the
sales cycle, why does it matter if it's
an AI versus a human?
>> Maybe just add let me add one context
while you're doing this just for folks.
This is great and well these are good
results.
>> A few caveats for folks depending on
where you are in the journey. One is we
have a pretty big brand.
>> Okay. So that helps. People have heard
of us. We've been Sasser's has been
around since my god since 2012. I've
been writing content. We've been doing
events since 2015. We've sold over
100,000 of sponsorships. People know us.
And these 4,495 messages that Amelia's
AI sent and that is important. It's so
many like this is we could never send
this many good emails. We could send
this many emails. Just just just send
them. We could never send this many good
emails.
>> But we have a brand and two this is all
to our base.
You have to do a two by two. Do you have
a brand? And so is there some reason
people will interact with your email?
And two, is this is this just raw folks
you're emailing out of the blue that
have never heard of you, did not opt in,
or are these folks that are you already
have some sort of relationship with? And
I think Amelia, all 449 of these folks
are folks in our database that have
participated in Saster that have opted
in in some scenario. So it's a pretty
good set of folks to be hitting up. It's
just there's no way we could do this at
scale with humans.
>> Yeah. Some of them are website visitors,
right? So there and and there's a lot of
AI that do this now. So there are folks
that are on your website.
>> They know us but they know they know
you. So that's the key. So I just think
these are some good learnings justif
you know if no one's ever heard of you
and you have no base to email from. No
matter how well you do you're not going
to see these results. You may see you
should see results. But I think that's
one of the many reasons there's probably
three reasons we've done so well like
off the charts well brand our own base
and lots of training and lots of
iteration not just turning on and
walking away like most people do. So
just just for some context those three
points but yeah keep going.
>> No super helpful. You talked about it. I
want to talk about it a bit more in
depth because how to train it. I already
see some comments in the chat. Here's
there's a lot of implications. You're
right. I literally was just dealing with
somebody today that was like, I'm coming
to the webinar. I have a quick question
on what can I do that's quick. I'm like
it is not quick.
>> Like that's already one that's maybe
like the wrong mindset. Like if you
think you're going to turn on the AI SDR
and it's going to give you the same
results that we got, it ain't going to
happen, dude. Like a lot of trading. I
would say I have almost dropped a lot of
other things I should have been working
on. And I think Jason, you were talking
about yesterday on Twitter like you
don't spend as much time in some of our
AI as you used to. And it's becoming the
same now for this particular sales tool
we're using for outbound for me. But it
still does take a lot of time. Like at
the very start, you should expect to
spend the most like basically all your
time with it. Like these two weeks were
also the two weeks I spent the most time
on the AI SDR. I spend less time with it
on the outbound now because it got
right. That's the thing. The AI will get
better at the outbound. But if you don't
have two weeks to onboard your AI, just
like you would spend two weeks
onboarding a human being, then don't do
it. Like, you literally need to spend
the same amount of time, maybe more, on
training the AI that you would a human
being. Like, you got to train it. You
absolutely got to train it. Um, that's
one maybe tradeoff or nuance people
don't realize yet. But I would say the
nuance of that being you can do it when
you want.
because it's not a real person. Like I
would tune my AI first thing in the
morning and then last thing in the
evening, right? I'll be 90 minutes in
the morning, maybe an hour in the
evening, maybe more, and then I would
respond throughout the day pretty much
in real time if I could to any responses
that our AI was getting in real time.
But that's the upside of the AI is not a
human being. So I don't have to set 10
to noon Pacific to do the training that
I would a human being. But it's still
the same amount of time. So pros and
cons, but let me get into one of the
biggest things is you got to train it
with all your data. And this has been I
would say even for us a little bit of a
hurdle. We have so much data at Saster.
Like you guys have probably talked to
Jason's AI on saser.com.
It's got something like 20 million words
in it, I think, and counting, right?
Because we post new content on Saster
every day. And that's one data set for
us, right? Like if you think about or if
you have multiple product lines or if
you also produce a lot of content or if
you've been around a while, you're going
to have a lot of that's just one set.
That's just sasser.com. That's not every
data signal that's in our Marquetto,
which is millions upon millions upon
millions. That's not every data signal
that's in our Salesforce, which is
probably another couple million. like
there's so much data you have to train
to work with your AI and so you know I
do think you'll start to see more revops
you will become AI revops but I get why
now after spending like almost two full
weeks with our AI it takes a lot of time
and like to do it right you do need to
know the business don't hire somebody
off the street to do this for you if you
hire someone to do this and you don't do
it yourself it's got to be somebody
wicked smart that actually knows how to
use AI I and actually knows your
business to feed the right data inputs
to the AI.
>> On our AI, our general purpose AI you
can chat with on the homepage, you know,
it's trained on almost 20 million words
of Saster content. And to Amelia's
point, for the first two months up until
Saster annual list, every morning I
would wake up, I'd get my coffee and I'd
spend 30 minutes training it. And
training can mean different things. Like
I'm not an expert. What for our AI, for
the base AI, not for sales, which
Ameilia get into, she can talk about how
she trained it. For our sort of generic
AI, which is pretty good. Um, we've done
100,000 chats on it. It had to ingest 20
million words of Saster content, all of
our SAS annual sessions, all my tweets,
all of our YouTubetubes, all of our
videos, everything. But there, like very
specific questions were really good
because it had ingested all that data.
Where it would hallucinate or make
mistakes is where it just wasn't in that
data. For example,
if you asked it about a speaker that we
had at Sastro that actually spoke, what
does Stuart Butterfield say the two
times he came to Saster? It'd be great,
right? Then if you asked what the CEO of
notion said at Saster, who never came,
it would make something.
>> Um, and the worst, the most, and so
those were a little funny. And the most
extreme one was we had not published
>> the dates for Saster 2026 or Saster Lond
AI London this year yet. And so we
didn't know the dates, so it would make
them up. So what I would do is every
minute I would just audit the chats,
audit the questions for 15 or 30
minutes. And there weren't that many
errors, but the ones that were were
egregious like that, right? And then I
would go in and I would manually write
the question and manually write the
answer, okay, in a train in the training
section. When I did that, it wouldn't
make the mistake again, unlike a human.
Like a human would make the mistake the
next day, right? But I had to do it
literally for almost half an hour for
two months every morning. Every morning.
And so now it now I do it once a week.
Okay. And um but I think that's a
metaphor for even if you have all your
data in, even if you have it all in, you
may have to QA it every single day for
the first couple months.
>> Yeah. And I will say there's
on every AI SDR tool, all of them have
different rule sets. This is trained on
most of our data. Not there's a lot,
right? So like some of our AI is trained
on more of our data. Some AI train on
like the core of our data. Um doesn't
mean you have to train on all your data.
like more context is good, but at the
end of the day, what your AI is looking
for and what you really need to trade it
on is what do you want it to surface to
this person? Okay, if you're using it
for outbound, but you're using it for,
let's say, warm outbound in the way we
are or people who are visiting your
website, who are already on the website
and kind of know at least a little bit
about who you are and what you're doing.
Um, then basically what you want to tell
the AI is, okay, if they're on the
website, what are they doing on the
website? Okay, great. The AI will tell
you that right away. It already knows
what what this person's doing on the
website. Next, okay, let me go look in
maybe your CRM or your marketing
automation platform. Maybe I don't
necessarily need both to see, okay, is
this person, let's call it a VIP
account. Like, have they been to Zaster?
Have they sponsored with you? Are they
already a customer? Don't need to give
it every single email you've had with
this customer and every close
opportunity. Half the time, let me tell
you, the people on the website might not
know that. They might be lawyer number
10 at Oracle who doesn't know all the
history and context of SAS and Oracle
from back in the day. And like a few
words of that context from your AI is
nice and handy and it's personalized and
it will get them to open and respond to
your AI and probably take the call and
that's the level you need. So I think
you also need to just think about the
mindset of okay a lot of data is but it
doesn't need to be perfect like it does
not need to be perfect and we started to
hyper segment more and actually like rip
out some of the data from this to make
it more hyper segmented and actually a
little bit more simple and that is part
of why it's also working so well for us.
So, just to train your data, if you
will, to get this to a working state, I
outlined six steps you'll need to take
in the early days if you're serious
about doing this, right? Um, so one,
yes, you're going to need to start with
your CRM, your marketing automation
platform data. Hopefully, that is in a
working stage in which you can use. So,
just keep that in mind. If it's not
already living somewhere, it'd be hard
for your AI to adjust it. Each tool kind
of has its own way where you can say
okay make an artifact and say okay um
hey by the way IBM was the sponsor this
year it wasn't in Salesforce and it's
like okay I've recognize that data kind
of like you would in your brain right
like the same way a human brain works
you can tell the AI's brain like hey
this let me do a brain dump of my human
brain to the AI brain of things I know
that are in our CRM you can do that a
lot of these platforms have a way you
can do that man to do that at least once
so it won't know what you don't know.
Hook up any of the major both of the
tools. Hook up to all the major
platforms. Some of them are listed
there, but yeah, you're going to need to
probably do some data cleanup to a
bearing degree based on where you are
and how much data integrity you've had
historically. Not to say you can't start
with zero. It's just to the point Jason
I was making earlier. It probably won't
work as good if you started from zero.
So if you're like, I know I'm behind on
AI, I probably need to get started with
this, but I don't have a lot of data
yet. You might want to spend the next
even like six weeks of data might be
enough for it to get up and running and
going with something so it has some
historical context to help your open
rates. I think otherwise it will start
to default to being too generic and
that's where you'll see like lower open
rates and like lower positive sentiment
scores.
The other thing I did as part of this a
lot of where we send our kind now that
we did an additional data cleanup is
enriching our current data and those
warm leads the warm outbound so like
people on our website people covering
disaster events with fresh data right so
there's different there's like I think
20 different vendors that do this
obviously a good way is to scrape your
website itself and see what you have so
maybe in your journey you might need to
do step two more than you need to do
step one to get all the fields you need
to work with AIS. So the other thing
I'll just mention is a lot of these
different AI STR tools have certain
requirements of fields that you will
need to have in order for it to send the
really good emails. I you know each of
them have kind of weird quirky certain
fields they need and that's because it
wants to 100% make sure it finds the
right person on the internet to say okay
this is the person that you are trying
to prospect like beyond a certain of a
doubt you know that is what the AI is
trying to do. So there's a good reason
it needs those kind of quirky certain
fields to do your prospecting and
outbound for you. It wants to make sure
it's doing it to the right person. Not
like, you know, I typed in Ameilia Laroo
disaster. There's only, I think, one of
me on LinkedIn, but if I've got a more
common name like Joe Smith, and there's
10 of them. Well, this is why the AI
needs all those fields so it can make
sure it's expecting the right Joe Smith
at the right company. The last thing you
want is for it to send an email to the
right person, but wrong data points of,
oh, hey, I saw you at Fox. and actually
that person works at Dropbox. That's
what the AI is actually trying to avoid.
So that's part two. And then yeah, step
three would be actually thinking through
before you start a structure for the AI.
Two and three go hand in hand, right?
You may need to even take it a step
further to structury or AISDR. I'd also
start small. It's not something where
you know you want to necessarily start
blasting everybody that comes to your
website in real time because you can.
doesn't mean you should. What are some
of the things that perform the best is?
Yes. What do they do on our website?
What are they doing on SAS? Have they
been to an annual? Have they been to
Euroba? Have they been to all these
workshops? Um what stage are they in?
All those things like that. Recent
funding news, job title changes, pain
points, like some of this that will
scrape for you automatically. All this
to say on points one through three.
You're trying to get your AI to a point
where it knows enough about the exact
person you're trying to reach that it
will write a really good email that you
would have otherwise had to spend
probably let's say 10 to 15 minutes
writing yourself. That is the whole
point of training the data and getting
the structure right is to write the
email good or better than you would have
yourself obviously at a much faster rate
at a much higher scale right like I
couldn't email those 4,000 people myself
in two weeks. So, we talked about it a
bit, so I'll keep going. But yeah, just
for hyper segmentation, you know, it's
been true of marketing since before. The
more you can hyper segment it, the
better it will work.
Ask yourself, what have you ask
yourself, what has this person done with
our company lately? Have they been to a
customer dinner? Did they go to the
website? What do they read on the
website? So, ask yourself, what have
they done with you lately? And how does
that tie to them maybe showing intent to
buy or could you get them, you know,
down a path where they have an intent to
buy? Jason mentioned it as one of the
caveats. I have it here with number
five. Prior tracing what I call what we
call warbound always works, right? This
is always going to work better um than
any like old list you could scrape off
the internet and say, "Hey, um AISDR, I
just got this list out of 100 companies
that are in the top 100 companies. start
emailing them. That's probably going to
work as good as you giving that list to
an SDR. That's a human. Say, "Hey, start
emailing them," which is probably not
that good if they don't know you or you
haven't added value to their company.
Again, at the end of the day, you want
your AISDR to know exactly who you're
targeting. have some context with all
your data of what they've maybe done
with you and what your value ad to them
is so that it can write an email that
will start to add value to the person.
You can call them a prospect, you can
call them an account, call them whatever
you want. At the end of the day, if your
AI is adding value, it will not care
it's an AI.
>> And maybe a question on this. You're
with your AI, you're basically trying to
do two things today, if I have it right.
One is um re-engage folks to buy a
ticket and come to our SAS events right
in London in December and May next year
and two reactivate folks to buy
sponsorships right I think we're running
are we running both
>> how do you do both at the same time is
it two different instances two different
orgs two different iterations and so
like how many variants of this AISDR are
are are multitasking are running in
parallel
>> yeah it's a good question I would say in
in the first iteration, right? Because
this was an experiment for us. I I know
we're all you're all in on I'm all in.
We all agreed we should try this. Um
before this webinar, listen, there's not
a lot of content out there on how to do
this for real. So, I just started it. I
was like, "Okay, let me use the
marketing principles and sales
principles I know since the dawn of
time, but also let me just try different
things." So, I started it on three
different experiments, one for each
bucket. one which was a totally cold
outbound literally to a list of people.
Um it was a mix. Some people knew
Sasser, some people did not know Saster
because I wanted to see how the AI would
do. Then I did um last accounts, right?
So these are folks that have known
Saster but maybe haven't engaged with us
in a while for sponsorships. And then I
did then I did one for tickets of people
who have been to a previous disaster a
bit, haven't been to one in a while, see
if that would convert. And then fourth
was I had the website one on in a
version that's I don't have on anymore,
but it was like basically doing some
light qualifications of folks on the
website um to see what would happen with
the AI.
Yeah, I would say across the board
results or better or worse in each of
those four buckets. Probably most
relevant for folks on this call as
different product lines. you do have to
kind of force rank what product lines
and different campaigns you want to run
with your AI because already like my
inbox is out of sense. Like I have, you
know, I think there's like 30% of those
I have on our tool and I'm already like
maxed out. And so I literally have David
Fware team joining now who is now I'm
segmenting some of the sends through his
and boxes because I'm like, okay, I'm
going to use mine for certain campaigns.
I'm going to use his for certain other
campaigns to work because even the AI
fast boo is as much as it consent even
for us was not enough. I was like I
already need more. So there's that.
Before we move on to things like other
waves in the sales cycle than than pure
outbound is don't expect the AI to do it
all for you.
I think when folks turn on or even if
they make a conscious decision to buy
something like an artisan or something
similar um they're like okay I'm going
to buy this I'm going to use this I'm
all in on AI like it's going to work
magic for us even at that stage I would
say don't expect it to do everything
right everybody has different data
signal you have different campaigns
you're trying to run it doesn't mean
it's a genie and it's going to grant
your wish right away of like more
pipeline more close to one shields more
reactivated accounts, more sales than
the way it has for us. Like it may not
work that way. So just know that going
into it. Um it will require a lot of
tuning and training. Um the other
learning was once we turned this on and
people started responding to our AI and
we had a human in the loop which was me
and it for for a while and and it worked
the best. You have to respond instantly.
>> This is a top learning, right?
>> This is a top learning. I was like, "Oh,
because the AI is so good." The
expectation is that you literally
respond. Like, if you're going to be the
human of a loop and respond, you got to
do it one right away and it's got to be
good. Like, it's got to be at the same
level as the AI or they're going to be
like, "Oh, was this just a bad AI email
that I got?"
It's got to be so good. So, I have it
hooked up to Slack. Um, and honestly,
SAS is global, right? So, some of these
people are in Europe. I'm like, dude,
that's like Well, right. My Slack and
phone is going off and I'm like, uh,
okay, send. Yeah,
it's just you have to think about it
constantly now. So, yeah, that's that's
a big learn. Maybe that's something
where like mentally you might want to
prepare yourself more because it's a
lot, right? It's on top of everything
else, on top of the humans on your team
slacking you, the actual emails you get
from other human beings. Now, your AI is
like, "Hey, you should probably respond
to this person.
They they need info that maybe I don't
have, or you could send a better
response than I could, right?"
And the other thing, and Jason, you've
talked about this a bit, and we've all
been victim to getting a bad AISDR.
Everybody at the seminar probably got
one this morning or in the last 24, 48
hours. Um, I think folks are like, I
don't really want to use something like
a tool because I'm just going to get
that. There's weird like two camps I've
kind of seen lately. Either this bucket
of the AI is going to do magic for me
instantly, which hello, it won't it can
if you train it, or the AI is going to
suck and going to send super generic
emails, hey, have you heard a disaster
are like often would never send that
email. And so I think there's kind of
like these two camps, but if you do it
the right way and maybe follow some of
these steps I've hopefully helped
outline, people will get over it. I have
noticed like I can't tell you I put some
of the screenshots in this deck, but I
have many more on my computer in my
inbox of people being like, I actually
don't care if this was an AI or if this
was you or if it was a mix of both, but
because it added value, it doesn't even
matter. So like again if you can get
your AI to be decent to the level of you
yourself that's probably the quality you
should aim for. They will prefer that to
you know a
a or that is one day in at your company
sending hey have you heard of Zaster?
would rather get an email from really
good AI or MIA AI that knows Zaster has
been a disaster than someone brand new
that that actually doesn't know the
product. Like J has talked about this a
lot. The AI knows the product holds,
right? Like it knows the product. That
is something it will not listen on. I'm
like it knows your product. You're
telling it your product. You're hooking
it up to your product, your pain points,
your websites. I'd rather get that email
if it's really good. I'd rather get
that, you know, than pay heavy for a
disaster. The maybe other biggest
learning is the AI alone is not enough.
So, I put it here three times.
Hopefully, it's clear by now. This
requires a lot of human in the loop. Um,
I know a lot of the CEOs from the
different AI companies will say that
too. Like, yes, we we're even at AI
companies, but we know like some of this
you can't automate away in 2025.
Maybe in a year or so if we can, but
right now like still at the end of the
day, if you're on the exact team or if
you're the CEO or founder, you will
still know the product the best and you
can tune the AI to get pretty good at
it. And sometimes the human response
that I give it is better than what the
AI response would have been. And so I
overwrite it like you will tell you,
hey, do you want to send this response?
I'm like
that or you could send more
and I just send it. So the AI alone is
is is definitely not enough. you need a
human in the loop which does take some
time. So again, lots of things to think
about here as you're implementing this.
You got to commit just like you would a
brand new hire. Like it takes time like
you if you're going to invest in a
human, you got to invest that time in
the AI. Just because it's an AI doesn't
mean it doesn't require the same
training, respect, and level you would
give a human being. Maybe it even needs
a little bit more respect because it
knows everything. Um, okay. Few examples
here that I redacted. So yes, don't send
this email on the left. This is
literally one we got today, too.
Hey, and how's it going? It's I did a
research. I thought you might be
familiar with blank our company. This
person worked at that company.
This is an example of bad bad the worst.
Hey, have you heard of SAS or hey, have
you heard of my company? Don't let your
AI do this. All right. If you if this is
the output your AI gives you, jump in
and find another tool. Like even with
only a little bit of data, it should not
be sending this. I assumed that was an
AI SDR email. Hopefully not. I I shudder
to think this guy actually wrote this
email cuz I don't think he read it. So I
shudder to think, but don't let your AI
send the email on the left. These are
screenshots of emails my AISDR sent on
the right. Um I did three different
ones. They're kind of across the three
different like three or four different
buckets I mentioned earlier that we're
using the AISDR4.
A few different things here. You can see
it is
is customizing it based on them and our
data. One of them is a BC. It talks
about the BC programs we're going to
have this year. I don't have time to
write that email to that dude. Or the
second one, hey, congrats on your new
role. It saw that on my dad. had also
saw from us that they had already been
to Sasser before but they moved on to a
new role and I didn't have their new
email but it found it for me and sent
them this email about Saster in London.
These are pretty good. And then from
here we did a mix of automated responses
and then human response. The other
caveat being some of this also
worked really well because we also still
did marketing air cover. So like this is
all to say don't just turn on the AISDR
for you know outbound accounts or
reactivating lapsed accounts. A lot of
this was a mix. Like I would go in and
say, "Okay, reactivate these LAPs
renewal account." But I also still sent
an email from me personally to some of
these folks. And then I also still sent
an email from, you know, Marquetto to
some of these folks um that was a little
bit less tailored, but it didn't need to
be as tailored because I was like, I
already know I have emailed to them. My
AI has emailed them. And this is a third
additional touch. Don't dump this for
everything. Again, it's not a magic
wand. It's bought a genie. I'll say I'm
going to turn on Bayr and I could dump
everything else I'm doing in marketing
or fire my whole marketing or fire all
my TRs. It doesn't work that way. Um
these are just six kind of combined
touch points. Three to six for us right
now has been the right mix. It may end
up being less I think as the AI gets
better. This is just additive like this
has been additive to our journey and
what we've done at Zaster and a good
addition, but we didn't dump anything.
So just a few other touch points I in
also this AI journey of you know our AI
did what calls for us and I was like
okay uh where else could I plug in the
AI because now I have these meetings
bugged you sent all these really great
emails let's say your your AI got you
the call as a house for us what do you
do now right as the humans in the loop
and we still have to get on the call
with them and you want to basically know
everything your AI know and and the AI
knows everything. So I come up with this
phrase that I call it instead of
discovery, I call it a working theory.
So instead of coming to a a call to do
discovery, you come with a working
theory, right? You before the call with
your team, you can do this internally. I
literally just did this with David
before a call we had this morning. We
pre-ressearched them using AI. We made a
working assumption on who they are and
what they do and why they might be
interested in you. Right? You will need
to do this working theory. more and more
the more the AI sets up these calls and
meeting for you because you yourself may
not know as much about this company as
your AI does. But if you got the meeting
for you, the person who comes to the
Zoom will assume you know what your AI
knows. And so to match that, you do need
a working um I called it the four C's.
It's to do your research before the
call. Okay, in chat like did they
inbound? Did they chat with our AI? Like
what does the discussion meant? That's
the first C. Claude, use quad and use
chatbt. Figure out as much as you can
about this company. Literally ask ask
claude or ask chatbt right now. Like,
hey, I've got a meeting upcoming with
XYZ company. Why should they buy my
product? It will tell you. It will tell
you in 20 seconds. Great. Now, go to
your CRM. If you can talk to your CRM,
great. But like look into your CRM and
say, "Okay, what has this person done
with us previously?" So, just a it just
is a way to have better calls, but also
it's a way to just keep up with your AI.
Like, if it's booking the meetings and
it already knows all this about the
company, but you don't, you might have
to do a little bit of human catch up. If
you also come to the call with a working
theory, you will need to validate or
refine that, right? Like, you're going
to have a working theory about why they
maybe want to buy a new product and what
they might need it for. And maybe you
know some of their competitors that are
already using it. Maybe your AI knows
that. But obviously, you need to
validate those, right? No company ever
is going to be like, "Oh man, so like
you came to this call like knowing too
much about our company."
No, no one's going to say that. Your AI
already knows everything. You should
know everything.
Have a working theory. Think about why
they might want to use your product. And
also, you can ask chat. You know, you
may need to use things like Apollo or
Seamless or Zoom Info to say, "Hey, also
who's on their buyer committee? Who's on
the call? let me do, you know, five
minutes of research on them, ask it a
few questions and understand all that
before they get to the call and then
validate that. It's so much more
productive even the calls we've had
recently in the last like two weeks to
do a working theory and just validate
those points versus waste 10 to 20
minutes on asking the human beings
questions that one your AI already knows
or two they don't want to answer because
they're like you should already know
this. So catch up to the AI. Okay, last
couple other things you can use it for.
Maybe you guys are like overwhelmed
because I spent so much time talking
about data and you're like, "Okay, but
now each new call I have, each new like
interaction the AI has, what do I do
with that?" Push it either about your
AI, push it into your CRM. There's a lot
of different tools that do this. I
listed them here. Some of them do it
automatically. Um, we use some of these
tools. I will say each incremental tool
needs its own training. So the more you
like start with one, do one thing at a
time. If you're like, "Okay, maybe I'm
not ready to go outbound." But if you
want to start small, you can be like,
"All right, I'm going to start to use
the four C's on any calls we have
upcoming. I'm going to make sure we have
it recorded, and at the very least, I'm
going to start using the AI to do
research on this person before they come
into the call." That's a good stepping
stone, I would say, too. The AI is
pretty good at following up cuz not only
does it know your product goals, it will
not forget anything. These AI, they're
so good. I'll be like, "Hey, um, write
me an email." Like the ones we use do it
automatically, but you can also do it
manually if you need to. If you're
starting small and say, "Hey, listen to
this call. Write me an email to this
prospect." It will do it for you. Even
if if you're like, "Okay, I'm a chat GBT
scan." If you use the record mode, um,
which is on the desktop, right? So, it's
not on the web. If you use the desktop
version of chat GBT to listen to your
calls, um, one, make sure you have a
present recorder just because that one
isn't visible. So, you might want to
tell or and or tell the person you're
recording them. But then at the end of
that, you could ask chat. Like, again,
this would be a really easy step to
take. You say, "Hey, Chat GBT, you just
listened to that call. What should the
follow-up email be?" It will write you a
really good one. The other thing we've
started doing is I don't send people a
generic like perspective. You might have
a sales proposal you send at the end of
each call. Um they might ask you for a
proposal and pricing at the end of each
call. You're probably like, "Oh yeah,
here's the slide. I'll send you the
slide." I don't do that anymore. Now I
have AI and I'm like, "Okay, this is the
company I just talked to. This is the
pricing I want to give them. Make me a
customized proposal." What? It could be
a one shader. It could be a full-on
flight deck. I'll show you two examples.
We've used Rethly. I've been using Gamma
and GenSpark for these kind of as a mix
with other things like with other things
we have here too. But this is what this
is my level expectation of like if I
were being sold to, this is what I would
want at the end of my call. like AI can
make you a fully custom
boost meeting sales deck to send to this
person literally in minutes. It does
take a little bit longer than like chatb
question, but it does just take a couple
minutes literally in minutes. It can
make you this. I send it to them.
They're like, "Oh, this is great. I'm
going to use my internal team." I'm
like, "Yeah, why wouldn't you? It's
literally a fully custom deck that I did
not have to go ask a designer for and
wait two weeks to get back a fully
custom deck of what we just talked
about. Who wouldn't want this?
Literally, this person on the right was
a somebody who was known to have some
interactions with our AI. I did a human
meeting with them and then asked me for
like custom booth options. I didn't want
to I was like uh I have to go through
like my photos after a designer. I was
like, "Nope, I'm just going to ask the
AI. I'm going to I literally uploaded a
few photos, which took a couple minutes.
I uploaded our current options of
sponsorships, and then I said, "Hey,
this is what this person is trying to
achieve. Can you make them a custom
slide deck of each of the different
levels, the pros, the cons, the design
element?" It did. I didn't write design
elements, natural element, like I
uploaded the goo the image to Google
Cloud and that was it. and I told it
what company was interested in custom
sponsorships. That was all I did.
>> Bigger organization, your average sales
rep is just going to download whatever
piece of collateral they get.
>> I know
>> sometimes months old if there's no
controls. How would you if you want to
make that collateral literally an order
of magnitude better using your workflow?
How would you scale it? Would you you
would you have a process break where I I
can't imagine most sales reps can do
this that I've worked with. So how would
you implement it with some sort of
marketing ops or sales ops support
because this could be this does like you
just generated this with AI um but you
have the assets and you have the domain
expertise to QA it and make it correct
right even if it took you 10 minutes.
>> Sure. Yeah.
>> So how do you pro maybe you don't have
the answers today because we're learning
but how would you roll this out if we
had 20 reps?
>> Yeah.
>> There are certain AIs you can use now if
it's lacking every time you've had a
sales call. It will give you the
insights. It'll give you what they
talked about. It'll give you what they
asked for. Like if they asked for
pricing, if they asked for custom booth
options, and then I would just make it
for them. Like I would just take all
those notes from the AI,
>> right?
>> Pop it into either Gamma or Jensburg and
do it with your own thing and send it
back to the AE and that's saying Slack
red so that they have it.
>> Okay. But this might take you 15 minutes
to do a good job of today. Would that be
accurate? Okay. So if if your sales team
is sending out 50 of these a day
>> at scale,
>> that's a that's a lot, right? So it's a
person. So I think you do need an AI
marketing ops person to do this.
>> And I also think the other learning I
think
>> um yeah from dude I don't think a
library is good enough because a library
is static. That's the problem today.
Everyone has libraries and there's ways
to control it. No, the point is making
is every single perspectus is dynamic
and customized to that human. So I I
don't know maybe we're at I don't know
I'm sure people will challenge this but
in our experience I don't think in July
of 2025 we're at the point where uh if
you want to have super controlled
highquality communication with prospects
you can just let sales reps go free and
wild here. I I don't believe that exists
today. So, an interesting thing from all
these things, whether it's slides,
whether it's QA on the the STR, which
now can do 5,000 interactions instead of
50, but if you add it all up, it's more
work for your overall GTM team. It's
more work. It's more work. So, I think
what a lot of folks, especially CMOs
that I talk to or sometimes CRO that
don't really want to get in the weeds,
they're looking for solutions that are
less work. They want AI to be less work
for them, right? Why can't I just turn
this on even if I need a a day a couple
hours of training that I hire an agency
for? They think it's less work. Maybe m
but our experience is it's 10 times
better right
>> maybe 10 times the product the output
quality output not just crappy up but
quality but it's more work it's more
work managing these AIs right you get
higher output you get higher quality but
you but there's no less work trade-off
here that does not seem to exist in high
quality GTM AI today more work for for
better output
>> right you might need less humans so you
could have less humans
>> but the ones that you do have are going
to be working harder.
But if you want to do what what I think
we're doing, which is S tier,
everything's going to be hyper
customized. And I don't know that the
component approach is going to get it to
that level of excellence. Um, but it
certainly could improve it from a static
level, right? It's classic static
content. It's just a challenge. It's
just a learning.
>> Okay. I think they can get you most of
the way there. Um, but that's why you
still need it's not enough, right? like
it is good, but you still need humans in
the loop to just do even that better of
a job with it. Um,
>> I know we're all using these buzzwords.
I don't think it's humans in the loop.
It's human orchestration.
>> This requires human orchestration. It
does not require some crappy human or
agency that reviews the deck and for 5
seconds and says great and they flip
through it and don't even pay any
attention. It requires orchestration,
high quality human orchestration even
with no other humans in the process to
create STR output. You need S tier
orchestration to create S tier output.
That's the learning. So ask yourself if
you're not happy with your AI, do you
have top tier S tier human
orchestration? I bet you don't. I bet
you don't have top tier orchestration.
That's what we've learned. You need top
tier orchestration. Then pick a tool
that you like. At some level, I don't
think it matters. Like there are we love
the tools we use, but honestly you could
pick a slightly worse tool, but if you
invest the time and effort, it's going
to be dramatically better than what you
have today, right? The key is investing
in the orchestration and the QA, right?
>> Um, and no, no graband-go libraries
handed off to sales reps that don't know
how to spell product. It's not going to
get you there. It's just not going to
get you there,
>> right?
I mean, literally, I was on a demo the
other day with the head of revenue at an
AI leader coming up on 100 million
revenue who did not know what Claude was
and do not know what MCP was. Okay? And
I don't care what sort of like a dynamic
content you create for this for him and
or his team. They're not going to know
anything. You have to actually go
further and do it for them with this
orchestration so that the presentation
is great.
I am going through the chat real quick
to see if any rapid fire questions we
can answer in our last
few minutes. Any last things you want to
wrap on Jason?
>> I think you hit it. If I summarize all
the learnings from our own AI for chat
to SDR to to collateral generation
>> to DDR and other things we're adding now
is pick a platform, right? Um, and then
the first like you got you got to tr
make sure you trained it properly and at
a most basic level audit it like I say
but audit it.
>> Don't get frustrated or say it doesn't
work. Like every day spend an hour and
read the email. Look at the collateral
and then sometimes it could be
frustrating but slow down. Why is it not
working? Why is it not working? Like we
had an issue on our little team. One
person on our team just did not hook up
their SSO to one of the apps. no matter
how many times we asked every day said
it was working and then I made him do it
live on a Zoom and it finally worked.
But like that's a QA thing like why why
is it not flowing in? Well, he actually
never actually hooked it said he hooked
it up never really hooked it up. So like
every day but read these emails like the
when we started at at the beginning
Amelia showed a really dumb AI generated
email. You read them and you don't have
to read every one but just do a
statistical sample. Do what you can get
through in 30 to 45 minutes each day and
then take a pause and figure out how to
fix it. learn whatever tool you're
using. It's early. All these tools have
limitations, right? Some they can't work
on multiple domains. They can't work on
multiple platforms. Almost all of them
can only do one or two workflows. They
can't do everything you want. You might
hack it, but learn your tools
limitations and figure out the next day
how to make that workflow better. What
was wrong? What was wrong with why was
that communication dumb? And then just
research it. You may not want to. You
thought maybe you thought AI would do it
all for you. AI is magic, but it doesn't
do all the work for you. And then every
day make your AI better. If you do that
after 60 days, you're going to be happy
with what you have. Every day make it
better, right? But you can't you can't
just assume it's going to do it on your
own or assume you can hire an AI dude to
do it for you. That's my summary.
And we'll see you guys next week. Thanks
for coming. Thanks for watching.